  This is the prototype system of SADO. In fact, this folder contains implements of six routing schemes. As described in our paper "SADO: A Smart Routing Scheme for Named Data Networks",  in the first four routing schemes, a router caches a passing Data in the probabilities of 0.25, 0.50, 0.75 and 1.00, and the four schemes are denoted by ProSta0.25, ProSta0.50, ProSta0.75 and ProSta1.00 respectively. The fifth scheme adopts the selective caching method proposed in this paper: when an Interest is transmitted from the client to the provider, it selects a single router to cache the response Data; when the response Data is transmitted back to the client, it is cached in the previously selected router, but no dynamic routing information is maintained for it. The scheme is denoted by SelSta. The last routing scheme is the scheme proposed in this paper, i.e., selective caching and dynamic routing. 
  The simulations are conducted on three kinds of topologies. The first are binary tree topologies. In the binary topologies, there is only one server which is located in the root of the tree. The routers are located at the internal nodes and the leaves of the tree are acted as the clients. We change the number of files the server supplies, the total content store capacity in the network, and the height of the tree. The files corresponding to the simulations is in the folder ExperimentsOnBinaryTree. 
  The second type of topology is a tree still. The tree consists of two separate parts. The upper part is a binary tree of 7 levels. There is a single source server which is located at the root of the part. The internal nodes of the tree are normal routers which are connected with routers only, while the leaves of the part are the client delegate routers. For each client delegate router there will be a certain number of clients connected to it. The number of clients connected to a client delegate increases from 3 to 7. We call such a tree a heavy edge tree, and the number of clients connected to each client delegate the edge spread factor. There are 800 files in the network and the total content store capacity  is 4 times the total size of the files. The files corresponding to the simulations are in the folder ExperimentsHeavyEdgeTree. 
  The third type of topology is a real network topology extracted from CAIDA. There are 196 routers in the network and the diameter of the network is 6. We choose 100 routers as the client delegates and another 5 routers as the server delegates. There are 15 clients connected to each client delegate and 1 source server connected to each server delegate. The number of files a server can supply increases from 200 to 700. The total content store capacity in the network is 4 times the total size of the files. The files corresponding the simulations are in the folder ExperimentsOnRealNetworkTopology.
  The specific configuration of the simulations could be seen in the configuration files in each folder.
  We measure two metrics in the simulations. The first is the number of times a cached Data is utilized. The information can be used to compute the average utilization ratio of the cached Datas. The second metric is the distance ratio of an Interest which is defined as the ratio of the total distance travelled by a Interest and its response Data to the total distance that would be travelled by an Interest and its response Data when the response Data is fetched from its source server directly. The distance ratios will be used to compute the average distance ratio for each routing scheme. Further, if some Interest has a distance ratio of 1, we will treat it as an Interest responded by its source server directly, otherwise the Interest is responded by the in-network routers. Thus we could compute the server load ratio.